 1....Are the HTML tags and elements the same thing?
  Ans--- HTML tags and elements are not the same thing but elements are combined with tag

 2...what are tags and attributes in HTML?
  Ans--- HTML tags are used to hold the HTML element.HTML element holds the content.HTML attributes are used to describe the characteristics of an HTML elements in 
       detail.
 
 3...what are void elements in HTML?
  Ans--- There are many void elements in HTML like: area, base, br, col, command, embed, hr, img, input, keygen, link, meta, param ,source etc:

 4...what are HTML entities?
  Ans--- HTML entities are the peice of text (string) that begins with an ampersand (&) and ends with a semicolon(;).

 5...what are different types of lists in HTML?
  Ans--- There are three types os list in HTML 
        1) unordered list
        2) ordered list
        3) definision list
 6...what is 'class' attribute in HTML?
 Ans---class attribute is used by css to assign different properties within one block so that it can be assigned to any element.

 7...what is the difference between the 'id' attribute and 'class' attribute of HTML element?
 Ans---The only difference between them is that "id" is unique in page and can only apply to at most element, while selector can use "class" multiple elements.

 8...what are the various formetting tags in HTML?
 Ans---1)<b> -to make the text Bold
     2)<strong>- to give importence 
     3)<i> italic
     4)<em> emphasized text
     5)<mark> to mark the text
     6)<small> smaller text
     7)<del> deleted text
     8)<ins> inserted text

 9...how is cell padding different from cell spacing?
 Ans---cell padding in html use the style attribute. The style attribue specifies an inlined style of an element.the ettribute is used with the html<table>tag,with the css 
     property adding.

 10...how can we club tow or more rows or columnes into a single raw or columne in HTML table?
  Ans---merge two or more table cells in a colomn using the colspan attrebute in a <td> HTML tag(table data).

 11...what is the difference between block and inline elements in HTML?
 Ans---inlin elements do not force a new line to begin the document flow on the other hand block elements typically couse a line break to occur (although this can be 
     changed using css).
 12...How to creat a hyperlink in HTML?
 Ans---To make hyperlink in HTML page use<a> and</a> tags 
 
 13...what is the use of iframe tag?
  Ans---the <iframe> tag specifies an inline frame. an inline frame is used to embed another
 
 14...what is the use of span tag ?explain with example.
  Ans---The span tag is an inline container used to mark up a part of text ,or part of documents.

 15...How to insert an image in a background image of an web page?
  Ans---in order to set the background image in webpage use the css style. under the css<style>tag add the property backround-image.

 16...How are active links different from normal links?
  Ans---some browser recognises an active links when the mouse cursor is placed over that link:others recognize active links when the link has the focus.those that dont 
      have a mouse cursor over that link is considered a normel link.

 17...what are the different tags to separate sectons of text?
   Ans---1) <blockquote>tag
       2) <p>
       3) <br> 
 
 18...what is SVG?
   Ans---The SVG file format is a popular tool for displaying two-dimensional graphics,charts,and illustationes in websites.

 19...what is difference between HTML and XHTML?
  Ans--- HTML: in html we can include all contain in the body element 
       XHTML: in xhtml all content must be put in blocks

 20...what are logical and physical tags in HTML?
  Ans---Logical tags describes the beheviour, nature of content for the text enclosed inside the tag.They represents the function of text on the page .
      physical tags are used to deside the appearence of the text and do not provide any information about the text. 